README.md, before:

# 🛒 Shopping Cart

This project is buil with Next.js and Tailwindcss

**Shopping Cart** is a project that authenticate users to shop for products on the website.

## 🚀 Live Demo

- [Live Demo Link](https://endearing-bunny-d86298.netlify.app/productpage)

### 🏗 Setup

- You can download the **Zip** file on the GitHub repository, or clone the repository with:

```
git clone https://github.com/Quadry01/shopping-cart.git
```

- Access the cloned directory with:

```
cd shopping-cart
```

- Open it with your favorite code editor

### 🛠 Install

To install linters and other dependencies run:

```
npm install
```

To setup Firebase Authentication

- [Firebase Authentication Tutoria](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZAnibwI9u8)

To create Firestore Database

- [Firestore Database Tutoria](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TW02hwhBvo4)
- Create each product on the firestore database following the schema below
  ![Alt text](public/schema.png)

To Store your firebase credentials

- Create a file named .env in the root folder
- Paste your Firebase credential following the pattern below
- ![.env file content](public/env.png)

  To go live on local server run:

```
npm run dev
```

Commit message:

updated readme file to include documentation links and other updates

README.md, after:

# 🛒 Shopping Cart

This project was built with Next.js and Tailwindcss

**Shopping Cart** is a project that authenticate users and allow users to shop for products on the website.

## 🚀 Live Demo

- [Live Demo Link](https://endearing-bunny-d86298.netlify.app)

### 🏗 Setup

- You can download the **Zip** file on the GitHub repository, or clone the repository with:

```
git clone https://github.com/Quadry01/shopping-cart.git
```

- Access the cloned directory with:

```
cd shopping-cart
```

- Open it with your favorite code editor

### 🛠 Installation

To install linters and other dependencies run:

```
npm install
```

To setup Firebase Authentication

- [Firebase Authentication Documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth)

To create Firestore Database

- [Firestore Database Documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore)
- Import the content of Data.json to your personal firestore database

To Store your firebase credentials

- Create a file named .env in the root folder
- Copy content from .env.sample
- assign appropriate firebase values to the keys in .env

- To go live on local server run:

```
npm run dev
```

- To view live website go to the adress below on your browser:

- [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
